Common cheese isn't for us
we crave something phenomenal
Don't you agree?Don't you agree?
One-of-a-kind sensations
Nothing store-bought can compare to it
Don't you agree?Don't you agree?
Who wants that normal cheesewhen we've got this fancy brie?
All night, I'll savor the taste
with a joyous satisfied sweet look on my face
so come on (come on)come on (come on)come on (come try)
this brie's atypical!
So unique!Truly divine!
The only way it's better is with perfect paired wine
so come on (come on)come on (come on)come try
This brie's atypical!
My palete is rolling in pleasure
this cheese is a national treasure
Don't you agree?Don't you agree?
I don't want to try another cheese
'cause this one's filling all my needs
enjoying it all
Who wants that normal cheesewhen we've got this fancy brie?
All night, I'll savor the taste
with a joyous satisfied sweet look on my face
so come on (come on)come on (come on)come on (come try)
This brie's atypical!
So unique!Truly divine!
The only way it's better is with perfect paired wine
so come on (come on)come on (come on)come try
This brie's atypical!